README.md, before:

sensorNode - Firmware for the RockingDLabs SensorNode
=====================================================
An application to run on the sensorNode hardware and report sensor
values to an MQTT server.


Prerequisits for execution
--------------------------
In order for the system_get_vdd33() function to work,
the byte 107 in the init section of flash must be set to 0xff.
The esp_init_data_vccRead.bin is a copy of the esp_init_data_default.bin
file from v1.3.0 of the ESP SDK with byte 107 changed from 0x00 to 0xff.
Write the file to flash with a command like this:

    $ esptool.py --port /dev/ttyUSB0 \
      write_flash 0x7c000 esp_init_data_vccRead.bin

The above command has been added to the Makefile.


Prerequisits for build
----------------------
  * https://github.com/pfalcon/esp-open-sdk
  * ESP SDK v1.3.0 (automatically installed by `esp-open-sdk`


Build and Install
----------------------
  * Copy `paths.tmpl` to `paths.inc`.
  * Adjust the paths in `paths.inc` for your setup.
  * Build:

        $ make

  * Install (put your target system in bootloader mode first):

        $ make flash

Key files
------------------------
  * LICENSE.txt - permissions for copying this project.

  * .gitignore - This is a list of files that should not be committed.

  * paths.tmpl - Environment variables that point the build tools.

      __DO NOT MODIFY paths.tmpl__ Copy it to `paths.inc` and make your
      changes there. `paths.inc` is listed in `.gitignore` so that it
      will not get committed. This both protects you from inadvertentely
      sharing information about your environment when you share your git
      archive and prevents _dualing commits_.

  * driver/ - auxillary code
      - the uart driver is included here.

  * include/ - application header files

  * include/drivers - header files for drivers
      - header files for the uart driver are here

  * licenses/ - licenses for code that is used by, but not part of the
      project. GPL-v3 is included here to cover the uart driver.

  * user/ - The top level code

License
-------
Copyright 2015 Jerry Dunmire
This file is part of sensorNode

sensorNode is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

sensorNode is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with sensorNode.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Files that are not part of sensorNode are clearly identified at the top
of each of the files. These files are distributed under terms noted in each
of the files.

Commit message:

Change project name
On branch master

README.md, after:

TLnodeFW - Firmware for the RockingDLabs TLnode
=====================================================
An application to run on the TLnode hardware and report sensor
values to an MQTT server.


Prerequisits for execution
--------------------------
In order for the system_get_vdd33() function to work,
the byte 107 in the init section of flash must be set to 0xff.
The esp_init_data_vccRead.bin is a copy of the esp_init_data_default.bin
file from v1.3.0 of the ESP SDK with byte 107 changed from 0x00 to 0xff.
Write the file to flash with a command like this:

    $ esptool.py --port /dev/ttyUSB0 \
      write_flash 0x7c000 esp_init_data_vccRead.bin

The above command has been added to the Makefile.


Prerequisits for build
----------------------
  * https://github.com/pfalcon/esp-open-sdk
  * ESP SDK v1.3.0 (automatically installed by `esp-open-sdk`
  * A copy of [esp_mqtt](https://github.com/tuanpmt/esp_mqtt) in the
    `modules/esp_mqtt/` directory. (Working code was built with
    commit #7247e3f of that project.)


Build and Install
----------------------
  * Copy `paths.tmpl` to `paths.inc`.
  * Adjust the paths in `paths.inc` for your setup.
  * Copy `include/mqtt_config.tmpl` to `include/mqtt_config.h`.
  * Adjust the settings in `include/mqtt_config.h` to match your network.
  * Build:

        $ make

  * Install (put your target system in bootloader mode first):

        $ make flash


Key files
------------------------
  * LICENSE.txt - permissions for copying this project.

  * .gitignore - This is a list of files that should not be committed.

  * paths.tmpl - Environment variables that point the build tools.

      __DO NOT MODIFY paths.tmpl__ Copy it to `paths.inc` and make your
      changes there. `paths.inc` is listed in `.gitignore` so that it
      will not get committed. This both protects you from inadvertentely
      sharing information about your environment when you share your git
      archive and prevents _dualing commits_.

  * driver/ - auxillary code
      - the uart driver is included here.

  * include/ - application header files

  * include/mqtt_config.tmpl - Configuration of the MQTT network

      __DO NOT MODIFY include/mqtt_config.tmpl__ Copy it to
      `include/mqtt_config.h` and make your
      changes there. `include/mqtt_config.h` is listed in
      `include/.gitignore` so that it will not get committed. This both
      protects you from inadvertentely sharing information about your
      network when you share your git archive and prevents _dualing
      commits_.

  * include/drivers - header files for drivers
      - header files for the uart driver are here

  * licenses/ - licenses for code that is used by, but not part of the
      project. GPL-v3 is included here to cover the uart driver.

  * user/ - The top level code

License
-------
Copyright 2015 Jerry Dunmire
This file is part of TLnodeFW

TLnodeFW is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

TLnodeFW is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with TLnodeFW.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Files that are not part of TLnodeFW are clearly identified at the top
of each of the files. These files are distributed under terms noted in each
of the files.
